Update to new ethereum.enable() standard (#119)
MetaMask/faq: DEVELOPERS.md

### :partly_sunny: Web3 - Ethereum Browser Environment Check

> The Ethereum provider injected by MetaMask and other dapp browsers is available at `window.ethereum`. Before reading user accounts or initiating RPC method calls that require user accounts, such as `eth_sendTransaction`, dapps must now request access to user accounts by calling a new method on the provider: `ethereum.enable()`. This method returns a Promise that’s either resolved with user accounts after user approval, or rejected with an Error after user rejection.

Reviewer: Given that a deeper explanation of ethereum providers has been submitted in #117, it may be worth looking at that and maybe replacing this with that.

Reviewer 2: According to the latest version of EIP1102 https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/EIPS/eip-1102.md
The `ethereum.enable()` has **DEPRECATED**,  and use new rpc method `eth_requestAccounts` now.

And about `send` method like:
```javascript
 ethereum.send('eth_sendTransaction', { from: accounts[0], /* ... */ })
```
The params of `send` method is not compatible with `httpProvider` of Web3.

What's the next plan of metaMask ?

```js
window.addEventListener('load', async () => {
  // Modern dapp browsers...
  if (window.ethereum) {
    window.web3 = new Web3(ethereum);
    try {
      // Request account access if needed
      await ethereum.enable();
      // Acccounts now exposed
      web3.eth.sendTransaction({/* ... */});
    } catch (error) {
      // User denied account access...
    }
  }
  // Legacy dapp browsers...
  else if (window.web3) {
    window.web3 = new Web3(web3.currentProvider);
    // Acccounts always exposed
    web3.eth.sendTransaction({/* ... */});
  }
  // Non-dapp browsers...
  else {
    console.log('Non-Ethereum browser detected. You should consider trying MetaMask!');
  }
});
```

> This code snippet is modified from the [ethereum wiki on "adding web3"](https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/JavaScript-API#adding-web3)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This code snippet comes from [the medium post on the privacy changes](https://medium.com/metamask/https-medium-com-metamask-breaking-change-injecting-web3-7722797916a8)
```
